(Yuya)
Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
(Melissa, on P. A.)This has been
one hot humdinger of a duel!
Like when Yugo was about to grab
an Action Card
only to have the course change
on him at the last second!
But he came back
and summoned
his big ol' Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon
to get the upper hand
against Celina!
(both)
I Synchro Summon!
Take flight, Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon!
Bye‐Bye!
Go, Crystal Cataclysmic
Strike!
(roaring)
Uugghh!
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Yeeeee‐haaaaw!
There you have it,
cowpokes and cow‐quettes!
Let's raise ourselves
a rip‐roarin' ruckus
for the winner of this here
dynamite duel! Yugo!
♪
(crowd cheering)
That was great.
I wish I had always known
how fun dueling could be.
Huh?
Was I ... dueling?
(laughing)
I'm stoked for what's next!
(Yugo)
Though I got a strange feeling
that what's next
may be happening sooner
than later.
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
Ugh...
You're the snake who took Rin!
I want her back now!
Where are you going,
you coward?
What the hey?
Where's Yugo
speeding off to now?
Celina was not supposed to lose!
Every move
was perfectly calculated.
How could you
let this happen,
you incompetent fools?!
(all gasp)
Having Celina
rise to the top
was instrumental in my plans
to take over the city.
Her losing ways must be
dealt with accordingly.
Now, bring the girl
to me immediately!
♪
You're the snake who took Rin!
I want her back now!
I didn't expect to see
that loser again.
But it's as if we're drawn
to each other for some reason.
You aren't
getting away from me!
(chuckles)
Oh, you mean like this?
Aah...!
You cheater!
I can't let him get away!
Man...
It felt like I was
dueling Celina for real.
Or... was... the entire thing
all just in my imagination?
Maybe being stuck in here
has got my mind
playing tricks on me.
No, because this wasn't
the first time
me and Yugo's brains
got crosswired.
But if what I saw was true...
Celina's heading
to the underground!
Unless Roget
gets to her first,
and that's even worse news!
Because I bet he's got
something super scary
and terrible planned for her.
She's in trouble!
(man)
Next stop's the underground.
Thanks for the escort
to my new home, boys.
Aah!
(grunts)
(Celina groaning)
When this wears off...
you'll be sorry.
We have her,
Director Roget.
(Roget)
Good.
Now bring her here.
What... does Roget
want with me?
Tell me!
Huh?
What...?
♪
You lost or something, kid?
Yeah, toy store's
on the next block.
Let's duel.
(automated voice)
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 life points.
I summon my Film Magician!
(laughs, shouts)
What do you think
you're doing?
You're interfering with
official police business.
Take that scrawny monster
back to the playground.
(groans)
Riley... you're in
over your head.
It's no use.
Save yourself.
Film Magician can't be
destroyed in battle.
Stop messing around.
When a monster attacks,
Film Magician gets
the same number
of attack points
as the attacking monster.
Man, I don't believe it.
This kid really is
planning to duel us.
What do you say
we teach this squirt
the ABCs of battling?
I end my turn.
It's your move.
Riley!
(guard 1)
Take a seat.
Listen, kid.
You're in
over your little head,
so why don't you
skip on back to the circus
and ruin your teeth
by chewing
on some cotton candy?
You could get nightmares
dueling us.
(groans)
Please, go.
(thinking)
Jack told me to be gritty,
so I have to be gritty.
He had to be gritty to get
out of the slums,
he had to be gritty
to be a champion,
so I gotta be gritty
to help my friends!
♪
I'm not going anywhere.
She's not going anywhere,
but you're going down!
Stop daydreaming.
Time to learn
some manners, kid.
I summon Jutte Lord
to start things up.
(grunts and shouts)
And it's bringing backup!
Jutte Fighter,
front and center!
These recruits are
putting you on lockdown.
Jutte Fighter
tunes Jutte Lord!
♪
Get ready for a monster
that's gonna catapult you
back to nursery school!
I Synchro Summon!
Goyo Catapult!
(heavy stomping)
And it's brought you bad news.
By sending one of my monsters
to the graveyard,
Goyo Catapult can blast away
600 of your life points!
I'm letting you off
with a slap on the wrist,
but I can't promise
the next go‐round
that I won't be
slapping cuffs on you.
Riley...
I'm through with you
for the time being.
Now it's my partner's turn
to throw the book at you.
So you want to play
a game of cops and robbers
with the real deal,
huh, squirt?
Well, you got it!
I'm retiring this monster
to the graveyard,
in order to serve you up
some justice!
(groans)
Still want to play games, kid?
'Cause, my partner's
got more in store.
More of the same!
Please, don't...
Please, don't do this.
(guard 3)
Save your pleases!
Goyo Catapult, blast another
600 points of damage
over to our little friend!
Whoa!
Riley...!
(guard 3)
Not talking so big now, are you?
What's the matter, kid?
Catapult got your tongue?
You said the three of us
were going down.
But it looks like the twerp's
doing all the falling.
Good thing the kid's
so close to the ground.
I'm down...
Huh?
But not out.
Not even close!
You cops are in
for the scare of your life
'cause I'm activating the spell
Nightmare Critical Loop.
This card lets me
tribute my Film Magician,
so it's going to pull
a disappearing act.
Huh, the dunce went
and helped us out.
Probably
doesn't know better.
Of course the pipsqueak
Bet you the runt
can't walk
and chew gum!
(laughs)
(Riley, thinking)
I won't let you down, Declan...
Promise.
♪
This guy's insane!
He thinks he can
take on all of us?
Riley, Director Roget
is after Celina.
She's being taken
to the underground.
Intercept them
at the entrance.
I know you won't
let me down.
(gasps)
I believe in you.
Now go.
Okay!
Hey, you, come back‐‐ aah!
The little one
is of no concern to you.
I, on the other hand,
am a different story.
Very different...
(thinking)
I can't let Declan down.
I have to save Celina!
I'm going to summon...
the monster
C/C Critical Eye!
Hah!
(growling)
I won't let you take Celina.
But if you're
not going to stop,
you're leaving me no choice
but to stop you myself.
Celina's
not going anywhere
with you three
and my spell Montage Fusion
is going to help
make sure of that!
I take a picture
of your Goyo Catapult
to make a copy
of that monster.
♪
And then I'll fuse
that snapshot
with my C/C Critical Eye.
You mean... you're going to use
our own monster against us?
Uh‐huh.
I really wish
you had listened to me
and just walked away.
I Fusion Summon...
C/C/C Rock Sword of Battle!
When this monster attacks,
it gains the attack points
of all your Catapults!
That's gotta be
against the law!
Yeah, you can't keep using
our monsters against us!
Your three monsters have
800 attack points each,
and I'm putting them
to good use!
That's... 4800 attack points!
And that's enough to
take out your Goyo Catapult
and all your life points!
♪
Aah! Aah!
(groaning)
Aah!
Hey, this ain't
no ordinary kid.
Time to take off
the kiddie gloves.
I'm gonna make you sorry
you ever laid eyes on us.
You won't get that chance.
You're... not done?
Far from it.
I'm just getting
warmed up, officer.
Thanks to my spell
Nightmare Critical Loop,
I tribute
Rock Sword Of Battle
to bring back
C/C Critical Eye
from my graveyard!
♪
(growling)
But the nightmare's
not stopping there.
Next, I activate the spell
Critical Tuning,
which lets me use Critical Eye
in a way you never saw coming!
This kid doesn't know
when to stop!
Well, he better,
for our sakes.
I take another pic
of your Catapult
and use it
to Synchro Summon!
♪
Now my Level 3 C/C Critical Eye
tunes the copy of your
Level 3 Goyo Catapult!
♪
I Synchro Summon!
C/C/C Rock Blaster of Battle!
What?! You Synchro Summoned?!
Talk about being between
a rock and hard place!
Rock Blaster!
Blast away a thousand
of Goyo Catapult's
attack points!
It's powerless now!
That's right.
Rock Blaster of Battle,
attack Security's
Goyo Catapult!
And it gains attack points
equal to your two Catapults'
levels times 200!
I don't know
what all that works out to
but I'm guessing it adds up
to trouble!
(guard 3)
Yeah! 1800 attack points
of trouble to be exact!
(groaning)
That's two down...
and one to go.
Ee‐yah!
Nightmare Critical Loop's
effect activates,
so by tributing C/C/C
Rock Blaster of Battle,
I can bring C/C Critical Eye
back from the graveyard!
♪
(growling)
I'll follow that up
by activating the spell
Critical Overlay.
Yah!
Smile again for the camera,
Goyo Catapult...
Then C/C Critical Eye's stats
become the same
as Goyo Catapult's.
♪
I didn't know...
Riley could duel like this...
I overlay C/C Critical Eye
with the picture
of your Goyo Catapult
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
(thunder booming)
I Xyz Summon!
C/C/C Rock Armor of Battle!
(roaring)
I activate
its special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Rock Armor of Battle
gets half the defense points
of both our monsters
added to its attack points.
My Catapult
has 2800 defense points!
And my monster has
2,000 defense points,
so it gains a total
of 2400 attack points,
which is enough
to take out your monster
and your life points.
Time... for you to fall!
Rock Armor, crush Security
and his Catapult!
Rock Armor,
crush Security
and his Catapult!
Aah...!
(groaning)
(all groaning)
Riley beat 'em...
and with ease.
They never...
even stood a chance.
Thank you, Riley.
Thank you
for saving me.
I owe you one.
I can't believe
all your quaking
and shaking is gone.
Huh?
Moon Shadow...
Like the caterpillar
who emerges a butterfly,
Riley too has wings to spread.
(Roget, on radio)
What is going on there?
Do you have Celina?!
Yes, we have Celina and
she is safe with us now.
Safe with...?
Who is this?
(Moon Shadow)
Your undoing.
Oh!
Assembly Hall Security.
This is Director Roget!
What's going on there?
What's happening?
(beep)
Oh!
How can this be?
You may want to rethink
your hiring process.
If you really wanted
to arrest me,
you should have
sent more men.
Grr...
I'm not even sure
Declan broke a sweat
taking out those guards.
He was quite impressive.
His skills are certainly
on another level.
It will be
most beneficial
to have someone
of that caliber
battling on our side.
Yes, Declan is a worthy ally,
one whose support
we would be fools
to turn away from,
especially
after this display.
Let us not be rash
and rush to any decisions.
Correct, Presider?
Yes.
But in the battle
between Roget and Declan,
I'd say Akaba has just
taken a decisive lead.
(Declan)
Judging by
how angry you are,
Riley's mission
was a success
and Celina
is safe and sound.
I'll never allow you
to have Celina or Zuzu.
Any more brilliant plans
you'd like me to ruin?
So then, you've got Zuzu
safely tucked away as well?
I'm warning you, Declan.
In New Domino City,
I am the law.
And no matter what you do,
I promise I'll use my power
to make sure I get
exactly what I want!
Have you fixed Sergey's
cerebral restrictor yet?
Yes, sir.
And I've amped up
the voltage,
so it's 87% more
effective than before.
He should obey you
all the time now.
Should? It better be!
Now wake him up
and send him
to the Council Building!
And tell him
to bring me Declan!
Yes, sir!
(thinking)
Declan, you can't hide
Zuzu and Celina from me.
Sergey and Security will force
that information out of you,
one way or another.
But sending out Security
like this
may make
the citizens uncomfortable.
I'll make sure
they're distracted
by the Friendship Cup.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I have
a super‐surprise announcement
for all of you in attendance
and for everybody
in New Domino City!
Just sit tight
in your saddles.
Director Roget's made
a rootin'‐tootin' revision
to our schedule, folks,
and that means the
Friendship Cup semifinals
are moving up
and starting right now!
(laughs)
This is
just fantastic!
A duel after dark
just adds to the day.
There's no way
I'm missing this!
Man, I never thought
they'd let us see
a semi‐final match
totally for free!
♪
(thinking)
I promised Zuzu
that I'd find Yuya,
and if Security arrested him,
this is where he'll be.
♪
(thinking)
Odd‐Eyes,
right after you glowed,
that's when I was
in Yugo's mind.
Seems like
every time you glow,
something crazy goes down...
and it's not just us.
Like when Yuto and Yugo
dueled with their dragons.
It's like ...
we're all connected somehow...
and it's more
than just our looks.
Maybe our dragons
are connected somehow too.
I know the answers
are out there...
and I know
we'll find them together!
(door opens)
Get up.
Guess the bigwigs want
this duel to happen now,
but what's the big rush?
Somebody gotta catch a train
or something?
Don't ask me.
That's above my pay grade.
(thinking)
Roget's plan
isn't falling into place,
it's falling into pieces.
And if he blames me
for all his troubles,
then he'll make sure
I'm out of the picture.
All Security teams
in position, Sir.
(Roget, on radio)
Good.
Stand by
and wait for my orders.
(beep)
♪
(thinking)
Declan, you think you've got
everything under control.
Well, it's time I knock you
off of your high horse.
And when I do,
all my other plans
will easily slide into place.
That's checkmate!
And I will be the king
of this dimension!
♪
Where is he?
That punk!
Where'd he go?
Now, get ready for a duel that's
destined to make history!
Here's the first matchup
of the Friendship Cup
semifinals:
Crow Hogan versus Yuya Sakaki!
♪